# patika.dev-veriBilimineGiris
patika.dev Veri Bilimine Giriş eğitimi için hazırlanan proje ödevidir.
Bu projede Alan Turing'in yazmış olduğu makale hakkında bilgi verilecektir. Yazının dili ingilizcedir.

First of all, I understood that thinking and machine concepts. Machines are made by humans and thinking exist in humans from creation. But can humans build machines that think like them? This question is challenging and makes me think that how these machines can think. Humans have brains to think, but machines are built from transistors, electricity, etc. How can we make machines intelligent?\
Alan attributed the job of smartening these machines to good programming and storage capacity. This is not one hundred percent true. In order to produce more human-like machines, in addition to increasing the storage capacity, unknown things about humans need to be discovered.
I think in the early years of computers they realized that computers were open to development and as storage capacity, speed, etc., improved computers will start to do everything, behave like us. This is a utopian idea. In order for computers to gain intelligence, they must be programmed logically, communicate with the outside world, etc.\
I cannot agree with this article on one point. It makes more sense to make these imitation games on different subjects instead of testing the development of artificial intelligence all at once. In fact, this event can negatively affect the development of artificial intelligence. Because while people achieve great success, they climb that success step by step. We can even win by fooling the jury without measuring intelligence or thinking in this imitation game.
Turing was a determined person, he answered most of the objections made against the game he produced, and 50 years after writing the article, thinking that technology would develop and computers would become smarter, he estimated that thirty percent of the participating computers could pass the test, that is, fool the jury. This guess is of course wrong. The reason for this mistake is that Turing thinks very optimistically about some issues. Most objections are directly opposed. these objections may even have prevented him from developing the game more accurate and equal.\
I realized that some of the objections were really absurd. One of them is the theological objection. Because the main purpose of making computers that can think is not against the creator. Another illogical objection is The 'Heads in the Sand' Objection. It is unreasonable to build a machine that is smarter than us and then think that these machines will take over. If we have the ability to make such a machine, of course we will have the power to control them.
In conclusion, this article not only deals with the birth of artificial intelligence philosophically and scientifically, but also shows us people's attitudes and objections to it, and Turing's answers to them. It has broadened my perspective and horizons towards artificial intelligence. By doing a lot of research while reading and reviewing this article, it has given me the opportunity to understand what other people have thought about this article over the years and whether they have been wrong.

